How is this possible?
These two are finished.
How dare you spread rumors that Miss Shangguan is a mistress
You don't even know how to write the word death
And this Butler Wang
How dare you
Want to drive out the non-fancy owner
I see, the Shangguan family is getting angry
Hold them accountable
His head, I don't think it's safe
Miss Shangguan
Spare me a dog's life
Small guilt
Small damn
Miss, please forgive me.
He turned out to be the eldest lady of the Shangguan family
Isn't that Ye Feng officially introducing to you?
I came to Ningcheng for this Mr. Ye Feng
I'm not married.
That's not possible.
Miss, there must be some misunderstanding.
This guy, he's a brick mover.
How can he be compared to you?
He really cheated
There is no possibility between you
How can he burn fat Shangguan daughter?
This lady
You've crossed a line.
My engagement with Ye Feng
It was decided by my grandfather himself that year
And you and I have investigated it clearly.
The reason why you have today's scenery
It's all because of Ye Feng
Working hard behind your back to earn money to support you and your mother
Not only are you not grateful
Instead, the more before the affair
Join forces and plot against him
You are so virtuous
Also blame Mr. Ye
Then again
I also want to thank you.
Thank you for the divorce
I have the opportunity to stand in front of you